1)  Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2?

Answer: HTTP/1.1:
For better understanding, let’s assume the situation when you make a request to the server for the geeksforgeeks.
Html page & server responds to you as aresource geeksforgeeks.html page. 
Before sending the request and the response there is a TCP connection established between client & server.
Again you make a request to the server for image img.jpg & the server gives a response as an image img.jpg.
There is a persistent connection which means several requests & responses are merged in a single connection.
All the information related to the header file is repeated in every request.

HTTP/2:
HTTP/2 was developed over the SPDY protocol. 
HTTP/2 works on the binary framing layer instead of textual that converts all the messages in binary format. 
It works on fully multiplexed that is one TCP connection is used for multiple requests.
HTTP/2 uses HPACK which is used to split data from header.It compresses the header.
The server sends all the other files like CSS & JS without the request of the client using the PUSH frame.



2)  Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript?
Answer:

Object:
In JavaScript, an object is a standalone entity, with properties and type.
Compare it with a cup, for example. A cup is an object, with properties.
A cup has a color, a design, weight, a material it is made of, etc.
The same way, JavaScript objects can have properties, which define their characteristics.

Creating Objects in JavaScript:
      By object literal
      By creating instance of Object directly (using new keyword)
      By using an object constructor (using new keyword)
     
     
JavaScript Object by object literal
The syntax of creating object using object literal is given below:
     
     object={property1:value1,property2:value2.....propertyN:valueN}  
    
    
By creating instance of Object     
The syntax of creating object directly is given below:
       
       var objectname=new Object(); 
       
By using an Object constructor
      Here, you need to create function with arguments. 
      Each argument value can be assigned in the current object by using this keyword.
     

   
      
